So challenge was to see how many bookings the film jigsaw had in October 2017 and remember all our data
is only from October 2017.
So I hope you're able to have this challenge.
And in this video we're going to have a look at the solution.
So for this challenge.
I actually did a query.
So first I'm going to type out the intersection of the subquery so I select
ID from the screenings table
where film ID is equal to 5 so film Id equal to five is the film id for.
So say basically this query is going to give me the ID or the screenings ID for the film jigsaw.
So if I run that this is every screening ID for the screenings of jigsaw.
So thats the inner part of my soccer theory.
So now Im going to write the outer part so lets put that in brackets and then the outer part I'm going
to I'm going to do a count star from bookings where the screening ID is in the select query.
So let's type that out now so I can type select count style from bookings
where screening by day.
So the screening ID column in the bookings table is in this select query.
So basically saying select counts from bookings where screening ID is in the list so this list of values
here.
So if I run this
you can see we have 59.
So this is the number of bookings where screening ID was in that list there.
So this is the number of bookings that jigsaw got in October 2017.
And I suppose I could do as number of bookings something like this just to make it clearer.
So you can see jigsaw had 59 bookings in October 2017.
So this is my solution for this challenge.
I'm sure there is another solution especially using a join rather than a sub query seeing as we have
this relationship between screening ID column and the bookings table and the ID column in the screenings
table.
So if you are able to get a solution using a join then please post it in the Q&A section.
Now take a look.
If you are able to get the number of bookings for cheek's So as 59 then that's fantastic.
So now let's move on to the next challenge.